In order to work on and contribute to this project, you will need to fork all Savvato repositories to your
github account. You will also need angular-cli, and the ionic framework to be globally installed on your
system.

Before cloning your forked copies of the repositories, it would be best to create a bit of file structure.
Somewhere on your development machine, create a savvato directory. Inside of your savvato directory, create
a src directory. Inside of your src directory, create a second savvato directory. Inside of that savvato
directory, create a second src directory. Finally, inside of that src directory, create an angular directory.
With that accomplished, you should have a file structure that looks like the following:

savvato
    -src
        -savvato
            -src
                -angular

Inside of the angular directory, clone the savvato-javascript-services and techprofile-component repositories.
Inside of the top level src directory, clone the dtim-techprofile-api, dtim-mobile, and savvato-techprofile-
website repositories.

Finally you should have a file stucture like the following:

savvato
    -src
        -dtim-mobile
        -dtim-techprofile-api
        -savvato
            -src
                -angular
                    -savvato-javascript-services
                    -techprofile-component
        -savvato-techprofile-website

In order to get the project running, it is recommended to begin by building the savvato-javascript-services,
and techprofile-component first, then create your MySQL database, followed by starting up the dtim-techprofile-api,
and finally serving up the dtim-mobile and/or savvato-techprofile-website. The instructions for the setup of
these specific parts will be included in each of their DEVELOPER files.

For this component of the project, create a new dev branch.
You will then need to build a release.


BUILDING A RELEASE
---
To build this project..

    rm dist/ -rf
    npm ci
    ng build savvato-javascript-services
    cd dist/savvato-javascript-services
    npm pack

Here's that command in one big line, if you're feeling frisky.

    rm dist/ -rf && npm ci && ng build savvato-javascript-services && cd dist/savvato-javascript-services && npm pack && cd -

This will create a file, which you will have to refer to in the package.json of any other project that will make use of savvato-javascript-services. Likely, this is already done for you. If you are just setting up your projects, don't worry about that. However, if you're reading this once you're comfortable with the code, and you've made a change to this repo, then you will need to know about this file, and that you may need to create a new version, and refer to that new version, in the other project. This is to avoid caching issues that prevent you from seeing your changes in the other project.

The file will be named
    ./savvato-javascript-services/dist/savvato-javascript-services/savvato-javascript-services-0.0.?.tgz

    If it is already depended on by the other project, just change its version number to use your new changes.

    If it is not yet depended on by the other project, run this command to add it as a dependency
        npm install ./path/to/./savvato-javascript-services/dist/savvato-javascript-services/savvato-javascript-services-0.0.?.tgz

    Notice the question mark in the path, you'd replace it with your version number.

----
